Donald Trump as you probably know has
yet to release his financial information
even though traditionally that's what
candidates do even his running mate Mike
Pence released his tax returns but Trump
has not he claims he's being audited his
lawyers told him not to do it he also
says people don't care about his taxes
but I disagree I care about his taxes I
think a lot of people care about so we
stop people who identified themselves as
Donald Trump supporters we stopped him
on the street we told them Oh Donald
Trump released his taxes today and asked
them specific questions about these
totally fictional tax returns in another
edition of live witness news
so as you know Donald Trump releases tax
returns today was it legitimate for
Donald Trump to write off all those
marriages over the years as quote
entertainment Wow good question it was
was entertaining I mean to him
it's attached right up again we're going
back to your IRS everything that salute
Pope if it's air you're going to utilize
it what do you think about how Donald
Trump listed his primary occupation on
his tax forms as farmer well I mean if
he does own farms and he's invested in
farms then I mean that's as an
entrepreneur you can necessarily say
what you need to say especially for tax
purposes obviously the big shock is that
Donald Trump's net worth is only 42,000
dollars rather than 10 billion does that
change your view on him never I know
he's gonna do it I know he's gonna do
the right thing so was it reasonable of
him to assert that he did have 10
billion dollars even though he only had
40 mm I mean we all kind of you know fib
a little bit but you know what the
Donald Trump Foundation donated $100,000
to the Legal Defense Fund to the dentist
who killed Cecil the lion is that okay
um I would think that that that would be
a wonderful thing for him to be to do
because I imagine the dentist couldn't
afford it himself what did you think
about how Donald Trump donated $50,000
to Jared Fogle's Legal Defense Fund
well people donate large tons of cash to
legal funds every day so if it's to help
somebody it's that's a good score even
disgraced subway spokesman Jared Fogle
deserves his day in court everybody
deserves her day in court were you
surprised to see that Donald Trump wrote
off nearly a hundred thousand dollars
for breast pumps for various members of
his family oh no no I'm not surprised
why not
oh no he's uh you know he wants
everybody to be big and beautiful beside
him so you know oh I'm sorry you're
under the impression that there are
breast pumps to increase our bust size
yes do you think gold plating a toilet
is a quote business expense if I was
showing off for my friends or I needed
it and I had the funds to do it then yes
I would I would probably do it risa
prize to see that Donald Trump spent
thirty eight thousand dollars on that
Siberian tiger for Vladimir Putin's
birthday yeah I I'm not surprised and I
would think you would want to gain
friends in the business world what did
you think about how Donald Trump is
technically leasing his wife Melania to
the campaign is it okay that he found
that loophole
every person's leasable
that's
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever